in 2009 he helped the Pittsburgh
Penguins to the franchise's third
Stanley Cup Tintagel this season he
hopes we return to the finals and bring
another cut back to a steel city of
Pittsburgh ladies and gentlemen please
give a big curve be a welcome to number
nine of a bitch
this will be a very unique first yes or
should we say first pot ladies and
gentlemen from your Pittsburgh Penguins
number nine passes the way welcome to
her PA kasi on our goalie and I'll play
tonight for me I'll do detractors met
Gregory advanced my slumber to be summer
house on the concourse shortly building
this fall that should be fun I did when
I was in Minnesota that was a venue
building when I started my career and
this one has nothing to do with with the
older one it was ten years ago and the
thing the they come up wit now India
it's the top seat cover line it's pretty
special what was the name of the
building manager the xcel energy center
what about leben mellon arena you know
that we got some some great memories
over that I don't know how was therefore
for two and a half years and it was an
older building but it was home for us
and hopefully the the new building will
that will bring the same feeling
your thoughts on playing with Sydney and
Gina often Mike awesome that they're
lucky lucky to play with noms another
their own blue bowl players obviously
after you if you look down the center
for us you play with that Kenny mulk
into the bras be ordering this ball if
you're on top three lines so it could be
a first set for a center on a any team
in the league and we're pretty yeah we
have you had them you have an important
role you scored over top Americans
Ottawa but when that gang can you talk
about your role on the team well you
know what I'm uh like you said I balayya
may be tough to top three lines every
every night and I don't I don't talk too
much at a bar play more in the penalty
killing bet have been some energy some
speed for the game and I'm getting one
of those that old okay that brings
brings leadership to the locker room so
what about play on the cops am glad that
was obviously really really special
that's what you dream up that's what you
are that's what you want to accomplish
at the as a pro athlete you want to win
the thing on earth and
I think wanting the sending of this if
you ask anybody in any sport probably
the toughest toughest fries 22 wins
let's go what pens aren't being a bag
really the next year's not what he meant
steaming now they were losses up you
guys yeah obviously season has its
already that but I don't know what to
say well that Billy was a big piece of
puzzle leader Reverend guy liked among
his teammates and we'll see if he can
still come back have you had your with
the changes in mood is also yeah there
is a man they made some great
acquisition just taking mom to called
Martin spinnaker colic and tyron action
against them so it's great to have in a
long time to be able to come out here
and you know see fans a couple hours
away from Pittsburgh we get that kind of
elation at a minor league game that's
like it's special you know it's it's a
great ballpark and I'm I'm pretty glad
at a chance to come here you get a
chance to do these kind of things very
often not these kind of gin thanks but
things like that is always special
especially when you are you go to a nice
facility like this the way the Penguins
have really grown throughout western
Pennsylvania with all the success you
guys had the last couple years is this a
reminder of that when you can come out
and see the fans be appreciative like
this yeah you are live in Pittsburgh and
yes you go 20 30 minutes around the city
and you you you feel like yes it's a
penguin nation but when you come out
like this two hours away and you still
get that same feeling you uh you see
that water or juice something great on
the ice and that people appreciate that